# Atlas Young Enterprise
#### Video Demo: 
#### Description:
I have created a web application for our group so that we can interact more with the community and find out what products people really want us to make as well as their thoughts on our current ideas. The website involves a register and login system. When registering you need to input a unique username that is not already taken and a password that contains at least one letter, one number and to be 5 characters long. I used javascript and ajax along with jQuery to have dynamic functionality of having there be crosses or ticks depending on which parts of your password are valid(there are ticks and crosses for each of the prior conditions and another for if the repeat password matches the password). Users signing up also have to agree to our websites terms and conditions that are basic  guidelines of what sort of content should be posted or commented on the website. The username chosen also has validation for checking if it is at least 4 characters long. If any of these conditions are not met, the page is reloaded with a bootstrap alert that states what was wrong with the way the user way attempting to sign up e.g. "Your username was invalid".

The login page is loaded if the user attempts to go to the post page while not being logged in or just generally navigating there. I again used javascript, ajax and jQuery to keep the button allowing them to log in disabled until the user inputs a username that exists. When logging in the password and username are sent to the backend and the database is checked for if there is an entry for that user and if the hash of their inputted password matches the hash in the database. If these conditions are valid then the user is redirected to the homepage, However, if these conditions aren't met, then the page is reloaded with a bootstrap alert that states what was wrong with the user's login attempt. There is backend code to even verify the username as user's could "hack" the website by editing the html and allowing themselves to submit the form with an invalid username.

The post page is quite simple, however, if you attempt to access it when you are not logged in, then you will be redirected to the login page. The page consists of two textareas where you would put your post title along with the content of the post.

The homepage consists of an image of our group together, this image in then followed by posts underneath that users have posted to the website. These posts are retrieved from the database and are sorted in order of descending date(the latest posts are highest on the page). The posts each have their title, user who posted the content, exact time of when the post was created as well as a preview of the first 150 characters of the content of the post. If the post is more than 150 characters a "..." is added along with a "Click to read more"; each of the posts is a hyperlink to the page for that post.

The viewPost page should have a post_id in the url, the backend checks for this and if there is no post_id then or the post_id is not valid then the user is redirected to the 404 page. If the post_id is valid then, the page for the post is loaded along with any comments that the post may have. The post is rendered at the top of the page; with the title at the top, then the user that created the post and the time that they created the post. There is then the comment section that shows of all of the comments that the post has recieved in order of latest comments highest on the page. Each comment has the username of the user that posted the comment, the content of the comment and the time that the comment was posted. Users that are logged in can also leave comments on the post; they can simply write their comment in the box provided and press the "Post your comment" button. However, if you are not logged in and you try to comment the page will reload telling you to log in or register to be able to comment along with hyperlinks to the pages to login and to register. If you were logged in, then the page would reload with your comment at the top of the comment section and your comment would be added to the database.

The about page consists of a logo for the young enterprise group along with a brief overview of the aims of our group and website with some information about the young enterprise company. Under this is a list of all of the members in our group and their role that they perform in the company. Depending on when you are looking at the site there will be photos of each person along with brief descriptions of themselves. Currently there are just placeholder descriptions and photos but this will hopefully change in the future. At the bottom of the page is a short piece on CS50 and my experience with it and a recommendation to others to take the course :).

I also created a custom 404 page in case the user finds themselves somewhere where they shouldn't be.